.\" Manpage for getjobinfo
.\" Please open an issue on GitHub or fork and push changes to the
.\" repository to correct errors or typos.

.TH getjobinfo 1 "14 April 2021" "2.2" "getjobinfo man page"
.SH NAME
getjobinfo \- query job ids to collect corresponding job info.

.SH SYNOPSIS
getjobinfo [-h] [-f FILE] [-d DAYS] [--xml] [--json] [--yaml] [--table] [-V] [--license] [jobid [jobid ...]]

.SH DESCRIPTION
getjobinfo is an advanced, high\-level tool for querying job ids to collect info on the corresponding job. Also, getjobinfo is able to query multiple job ids at a time rather than only being able to accept only one job id as an argument.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB-f|--file\fP <FILE>"
Read job ids to query from an XML file instead.

.IP "\fB-d|--days\fP <DAYS>"
Specify the number of days to check in the torque job logs. The default is 5 days.

.IP "\fB--xml\fP"
Print job info in XML format. XML is the default output method.

.IP "\fB--json\fP"
Print job info in JSON format.

.IP "\fB--yaml\fP"
Print job info in YAML format.

.IP "\fB--table\fP"
Print job info in tabular format.

.IP "\fB-V|--version\fP"
Print getjobinfo version info.

.IP "\fB--license\fP"
Print getjobinfo licensing info.

.IP "\fB-h|--help\fP"
Print help info.

.SH FILES
.TP
.I
/storage/work/dml129/getjobinfo

.TP
.I
/storage/work/dml129/sw7/torqueutils/getjobinfo.py

.TP
.I
/storage/work/dml129/sw7/torqueutils/utils/print_license.py

.TP
.I
/storage/work/dml129/sw7/torqueutils/utils/verifylocale.py

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.BI "getjobinfo 123456789"
.TP
.PP
Search through the torque job logs for the past 5 days to get the job info for job 123456789 and print out job info in XML format.

.TP
.BI "getjobinfo 123456789 987654321"
.TP
.PP
Search through the torque job logs for the past 5 days to get the job info for jobs 123456789 and 987654321 and print out job info in XML format.

.TP
.BI "getjobinfo 123456789 987654321 -d 10"
.TP
.PP
Search through the torque job logs for the past 10 days to get the job info for jobs 123456789 and 987654321 and print out job info in XML format.

.TP
.BI "getjobinfo 123456789 987654321 --table"
.TP
.PP
Search through the torque job logs for the past 5 days to get the job info for jobs 123456789 and 987654321 and print out job info in tabular format.

.TP
.BI "getjobinfo 123456789 987654321 --table > getjobinfo.out"
.TP
.PP
Search through the torque job logs for the past 5 days to get the job info for jobs 123456789 and 987654321 and print out job info in tabular format. Save output to the file getjobinfo.out.

.TP
.BI "getjobinfo 123456789 987654321 --table >> getjobinfo.out"
.TP
.PP
Search through the torque job logs for the past 5 days to get the job info for jobs 123456789 and  987654321 and print out job info in tabular format. Append output to the file getjobinfo.out.

.TP
.BI "getjobinfo -f jobids.xml"
.TP
.PP
Read in job ids from the file jobids.xml. Search through the torque job logs for the past 5 days and print job info out in XML format. XML should be well-formed. In order to ensure that your XML is well formed, you should create the XML file using getusersjobids.

.SH SEE ALSO
getusersjobids(1)

.SH BUGS
No known bugs. If you encounter a bug using this script, please open an issue at https://github.com/ICDS-Roar/torqueutils.

.SH AUTHOR
Jason C. Nucciarone (jcn23@psu.edu, jason.nucciarone@gmail.com)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2021 The Pennsylvania State University Institute for Computational and Data Sciences. All rights reserved at https://mit-license.org/.
